Docs work typography (#1277)
massgov/mayflower: packages/core/stories/about/Usage.stories.mdx

import generateTitle from '../util/generateTitle';
const { STORYBOOK_CDN_PATH, STORYBOOK_CDN, STORYBOOK_PKG } = process.env;

> import '../styles/index.scss';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Storybook only needs to import scss once

</table>

## Build with Mayflower

> To import fonts and get started with basic Mayflower layout CSS, import `scss/global.scss` (`@use scss/global.scss`) or link to the compiled `static/fonts/css/global.css` (or the minified version, global.min.css). To use a Mayflower branding component on your site, go to the documentation of the component and copy and paste the html and link to the CDN version of CSS and JS files in the head of your HTML. You can also host the CSS and JS locally from the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import fonts and get started with basic Mayflower layout CSS, import `scss/global.scss` (`@use scss/global.scss`) or link to the compiled `static/fonts/css/global.css` (or the minified version, global.min.css). To use a Mayflower branding component on your site, go to the documentation of the component and copy and paste the html and link to the CDN version of CSS and JS files in the head of your HTML. You can also host the CSS and JS downloaded from mayflower assets package.
```

We want to provide the mayflower core users the convenience to get everything they need in this documentation, without them having to delve into the monorepo. I think we should ask them to link to or download from the CDN provided in the code snippet, or for more advanced users who uses npm, to link the file from their locally installed mayflower-assets package
